Algo and Complexity

1. A(n) _____ is an example of a contiguous structure.

A. Array
B. Data
C. Pointer
D. Linked list

Answer
A. Array linear data structure that collects elements of the same data type and stores them in ontiguous and adjacent memory locations

HINT: contiguous and adjacent memory locations

2. A variable that holds the memory address of another object is called an

A. Memory variable
B. Constant
C. Pointer
D. Integer

Answer
C. Pointer can be used to represent the current element in a sequence (such as array or string).

HINT: current element in a sequence

3. Which of the following data structure is non linear type?

A. Stacks
B. Tree
C. Strings
D. Lists

Answer
B. Tree a hierarchical data structure defined as a collection of nodes. Nodes represent value and nodes are connected by edges.

HINT: defined as a collection of nodes

4. A(n) ______ is an example of a non contiguous data structure.

A. Array
B. Data
C. Pointer
D. Linked list

Answer
D. Linked list a linear collection of data elements whose order is not given by their physical placement in memory.

HINT: collection of data elements whose order

5. Which of the following data structure is linear type?

A. Stack
B. Binary tree
C. Trees
D. Graph

Answer
A. Stack an abstract data type that serves as a collection of elements with two main operations: Push, which adds an element to the collection, and. Pop, which removes the most recently added element.

HINT: serves as a collection of elements with two main operations

6. In Binary trees nodes with no successor are called

A. Final nodes
B. Last nodes
C. End nodes
D. Terminal nodes

Answer
A. Terminal nodes Leaf node, a node of a tree data structure that has no child nodes. Lymph node, a terminal lymph node in the lymphatic system. 

HINT: node of a tree data structure that has no child nodes

7. The operation of processing each element in the list is known as

A. Traversal
B. Inserting
C. Merging
D. Sorting

Answer
A. Traversal accessing each element of data structure at least once. Linked List traversal means accessing all the elements of the list starting from the head node to the last node. 

HINT: element of data structure at least once

8. Which data structure is used in breadth first search of a graph to hold nodes?

A. Array
B. Tree
C. Queue
D. Stack

Answer
C. Queue is a linear data structure that follows the First-In-First-Out (FIFO) principle. Since queues maintain the order of insertion of elements and also remove elements in the same order as of insertion.

HINT: linear data structure that follows the First-In-First-Out (FIFO) principle

9. A binary tree whose every node has either zero or two children is called

A. Data structure
B. Extended binary tree
C. Binary search tree
D. Complete binary tree

Answer
B. Extended binary tree a type of binary tree in which all the null sub tree of the original tree are replaced with special nodes called external nodes whereas other nodes are called internal nodes.

HINT: sub tree of the original tree are replaced with special nodes

10. A search technique where we keep expanding nodes with least accumulated cost so far is called

A. Breadth first
B. Branch and bound
C. Best first
D. Hill climbing

Answer 
B. Branch and bound method divides the feasible region into partitions in a tree structure and uses the solutions to subproblems to bound the objective function and “prune” branches of the solution tree.

HINT: method divides the feasible region into partitions in a tree structure