inteligence system

1. Application of machine learning methods to large databases is called?

A. Data mining.
B. Artificial intelligence
C. Big data computing
D. Internet of things

Answer:
A. Data mining the process of volumes of data to discover business intelligence that can help companies solve problems, mitigate risks, and seize new opportunities.

HINT: volumes of data to discover business intelligence

2. If machine learning model output involves target variable then that model is called as

A. Descriptive model
B. Predictive model
C. Reinforcement learning
D. All of the above

Answer 
B. Predictive model a commonly used statistical technique to predict future behavior. Predictive modeling solutions are a form of data-mining technology.

HINT: commonly used statistical technique to predict future

3. In what type of learning labelled training data is used

A. Unsupervised learning
B. Supervised learning
C. Reinforcement learning
D. Active learning

Answer
B. Supervised learning a subcategory of machine learning and artificial intelligence. It is defined by its use of labeled datasets to train algorithms that to classify data or predict outcomes accurately.

HINT: defined by its use of labeled datasets to train algorithms
	
4. What does dimensionality reduction reduce?

A. Stochastics
B. Collinerity
C. Performance
D. Entropy

Answer
B. Collinerity a special case when two or more variables are exactly correlated. This means the regression coefficients are not uniquely determined.

HINT: special case when two or more variables are exactly correlated

5. Data used to build a data mining model.
A. Training data
B. Validation data
C. Test data
D. Hidden data

Answer 
A. Training data the data you use to train a machine learning algorithm or model to accurately predict a particular outcome, or answer, that you want your model to predict.

HINT:  machine learning algorithm or model to accurately predict a particular outcome

6. Like the probabilistic view, the ________ view allows us to associate a probability of membership with each classification.
A. Exampler
B. Deductive
C. Classical
D. Inductive

Answer 
D. Inductive a type of machine learning that aims to identify patterns in data and generalize them to new situations.

HINT: aims to identify patterns in data and generalize

7. Database query is used to uncover this type of knowledge.
A. Deep
B. Hidden
C. Shallow
D. Multidimensional

Answer

D. Multidimensional a data set with many different columns, also called features or attributes. The more columns in the data set, the more likely you are to discover hidden insights.

HINT: also called features or attributes.

8. Some telecommunication company wants to segment their customers into distinct groups ,this is an example of

A. Supervised learning
B. Reinforcement learning
C. Unsupervised learning
D. Data extraction

Answer 
C. Unsupervised learning  a type of machine learning that type of machine learning that learns from data .

HINT: type of machine learning that learns from data 

9. If machine learning model output doesnot involves target variable then that model is called as

A. Descriptive model
B. Predictive model
C. Reinforcement learning
D. All of the above

Answer 
A. Descriptive model perspective to understand the data and its different existing patterns. Basically, it is part of four types of Data Analysis concepts.

HINT: understand the data and its different existing patterns

10. Support Vector Machine is

A. Logical model
B. Proababilistic model
C. Geometric model
D. None of the above

Answer 
C. Geometric model algorithms that use geometric concepts to solve various problems, such as classification, regression, and clustering.

HINT: geometric concepts to solve various problems